okay Chris I'm going to take this rope
you can put that down here in this
volcano and then you're going to go into
the volcano okay a
volcano oh I'm okay that wasn't Vol no
burn to a crisp okay we'll send all the
other little
[Music]
people just kiding go the volcano oh you
tricked them you tricked all of them
you're going to jail put a bunch of
people in a volcano and we got purple
gems just like in real life
coincidentally I'm banned from all
volcanoes all of them mhm wow I tried to
fly to Hawaii and dude the broom hit my
plane out of there like
get be that way we want no seed to
around here wait a second can we do a
little bit of
this how long is this rope friendly is
very
long oh oh
no look at them all it's like well
they'll make it to the end but they all
have severe brain
damage there we go k doing it that many
time
yeah there we go easy peasy game why
don't you challenge me like how Chris
challenges me every day hey I challenge
you for the rights of the channel you're
going to have
it I
[Music]
win all right game easy we'll just go
around this big stop D sure be oh that's
a lot of green what are they
all oh they're aliens they aliens I know
it I knew it I enjoy how they bounce off
the blocks all right fine do a little
with of this oh boy here we go go we'll
make them appreciate oops uhoh oh it
will make them appreciate being alive
you know oops if you just take them if
you take them straight to the end then
they don't have to work hard Chris and
it's about the journey that's what's
wrong with this generation they want
instant gratification with the red hats
and purple shirts and blue skirts preach
it brother it wants to deal with airline
food I don't know tell me it's not made
of air or lines oh man I never thought
of it like that
okay okay okay okay okay everyone calm
down every they're all yelling at me CH
hey I no you have McDonald's at home
it's called oatmeal it's not oatmeal
what is that McDonald's what I don't
know anymore I'm black McDonald's make
brain
bad respons by McDonald's eat it or you
turn dumb
yeah what's that you don't like spending
10 times the amount of money that you
spent 5 years ago on the same garbage uh
slightly worse garbage thank you
slightly worse
garbage might need a time lapse for this
one John oh boy just time lapse him
winding not not the people going oh and
the
people so how are you this is how
infinite energy is created this is free
energy now yep we've solved the world's
energy crisis Lisa made this stupid
perpetual motion machine but I won't
start spinning at least I get in here in
this house we Obe the law of
thermodynamics than ha this has got
braces okay will you just combine a
Nelson sound with a Lenny quote how dare
you yeah I know I did it man that's how
you get free energy oh my God I might
have done too much you think we've been
here for 30 minutes oh my God we're so
old look at our big white beards hey
we're going we're we're going faster
than the saw blade aha we're the saw
blade now hey stop it come on man hey
hey guys it's kind of my thing I'm the S
blade man oh wa how can you go up with
the Rope I don't know let's find out
it's very slippery it's covered in goop
you know slippy slippy goop I'll do that
to squirrels on my bird feet there I put
like goop on it so they can't eat your
birds yeah oh okay now we have the time
things no oh I guess it was fine oh look
at all them gems Brenda Brenda get them
gems Brenda Brenda Brenda
brenders brenders get the gems brenders
well that's all we can
do every gem is covered in rocks and it
it hurts the the pain is unbearable shut
up Brenda shut up Brenda with you're
wanting to not get hurt showed her yeah
I know I'm pretty
cool stop oh that was a close one oh
wait we don't need all of them no it has
a number oh that's lame game
ooh why did it make that so complicated
you just done that
o you heard that game you done got you
good I got I'm good wow this is a this
one pretty easy never mind you're pretty
easy what is this thing it's a big who
told you it's a big greater than thing
in here nuh that's minus I go this way
no you can't go that way idiot why not I
do whatever I want oh I break game mad
at me I'm sorry
game go
I love how I don't even need all of them
to live like some of you may die and I'm
cool with that that's a sacrifice I'm
willing to
pick easy
[Music]
peasy what the heck oh do we got to go
pick him up pick him up oh no you ought
to leave them there come on Friends hey
guys can't leave this one hey stop
talking about me tiny people
no oh oh you missed one you missed one
no I I miss nobody never I'm perfect the
white one on top of the sign you missed
him there's no one there a little
picture of a person oh it's what life
like you B old
dummy I said it all we go down here oh
will they hit that saw
blade shut
up is it he's one of them ugly criers
ah oh my God look at them all die I
finally lost lost the level he said I
was
[Applause]
stupid you got real local ball thing
going on there
Chris oh God like see all the snot
streaming out of
[Laughter]
[Applause]
it but Ricky
Ricky I would to be in the
bed we're literally referencing things
that are older than our viewers
grandparents I'm just realizing there's
there very loud birds in this game huh
there's like no trees or anything where
are these birds coming from okay twe
we're getting a little tricky now huh
game twe think you can trick me the
trick Meister the tricky tricky trick
trick that's what they call me cry Birds
I'm a bird yeah no you're not okay all
right all right easy peasy easy peasy
easy peasy easy okay oh oh jeez this one
wow getting a little crazy man give me
all them gems have I missed any I don't
know man there to there you should
probably do another round you know there
there there there there okay there we go
I missed those ones and then I missed
them oh my God this going to take a
while hey you did the Brenda time to get
lasered
fools oh yeah we're done with you man I
wanted them to get lasered
oh dang these lasers are burning my ball
also something's wrong with this ball
they didn't finish the edge just like
Chris gets so mad at when I think and
there's a little bit of blue behind my
head look at it look at it look at a
little bit of blue behind my head John I
will pay you a dollar to get rid of that
it makes him so mad no it's part of my
anatomy no it is not it's my elbow butt
no it's not your elbow butt but elbow wo
wo whoo
okay stop
uh-oh they all got laser oopsy Doodles
just in a
couple only a couple died we're cool
we're
cool oh a close one oh so close oh wo wo
okay oh no I got this all twisted up
what's going on here oh yeah I hate that
man I hate when it's all twisted that'll
do it that'll do just
fine oh yeah they
hang no oh I mean I think I broke the
game whatever El take it they don't ask
how they ask how many you know what I'm
saying oh w w okay can I go around there
we go there you go yeah go all the way
around like a little
figure okay if the first person explodes
the rest will be fine right yeah there
we go sacrifices are made operation
human shield go down first Karen trust
us it's like when I tape Chris to my
chest before I go rob a bank hey wait a
minute you said that was for oh man hey
go Karen
really makes this a lot easier when you
just sacrifice the first
person oh we got to grab some peeps
now uhoh uhoh
no oh you're mad man you're never going
to make
it spam you're never going to make it
you died you're stupid I hate this
on okay oh got big laser okay we go get
her her her and here here
oh this is
easy wait should probably do that way
get away from that D bomb D all right
go it's working I'm jous the symmetry of
nature is beautiful oh wow that was
pretty good why are you doing a loop I
don't know cuz it's fun is doing a trick
shot for nothing cuz they're they're
flying past these razor sharp saws at
like 100 miles an hour they deserve to
have a little bit of fun you know hey we
we could buy a new
skin hold hold me close Tiny Dancer go
what' you say
go a you ruined oh one short okay haha
you admit you're short no go go go go oh
he dead no we're good we're good man
don't even trip dog I can't help it I'm
clumsy oh dang it they were doing well
and then they all got hit by that bomb
it's going well till a bunch of people
died how how do you fail this one cuz
it's hard you got time
right that's how just send one down at a
time to die until all of them are dead
oh okay that's our thing we just got to
get past there and as long as we space
him out see now you're good there now we
just s the rest you just got to kill
four people man it's not that hard it's
not that hard to kill four people can we
watch this I'll go through it oh
oh is this on no not again I'm in jail I
don't think people will keep buying the
fart rehab jokes for 20 years 20 life
fart all right wa oh lasers much showing
up too many lasers cats would be so
upset right now cuz they'd be lasered to
death yeah whatever if you get lasered
it happens oh it happened go go go go go
you going have to pulse it I'm just
going to wait until it's up here see
like now oh I forgot to draw the
thing dang it man I'm too smart go go
go all right couple dead that's fine a
couple dead that's fine ah couple more
dead that's not fine you should never be
a a news reporter couple dead is fine
couple people reported dead and that's
fine oh dang it I just need one to make
it
or all of them everybody
[Music]
lives a really game you think this is
difficult this is the easiest thing ever
done in my life and one time I convinced
Chris the
fart and I've never stopped
since such regrets oh game you make me
so mad what if we all just spin around
in
[Music]
here oh oh oh oh oh go down go down go
down go down go down go down down down
go go go down go down idiot
I went I went around a couple too many
times four times around is the
ticket come
yes I'm smart I can't believe that
worked man I can kep in the Cradle in
the sil Boom the birds are
earpiercing I got them all I got all of
them you did it oh come here let's hug
me no I'm full of diamonds I'm Pokey and
diarrhea yeah because we ated Taco Bell
this Taco Bell T Taco Bell we're going
to get sued again that Chihuahua took
everything I had
CHR and gave you
diarrhea well now we can get a skin
unlock random come on come on come on F
it's me hey big boy who's who okay well
I guess I'm from thp girls I was going
to say guess who's who but I think you
solved that pretty
quick oh go got CLI on the end there
it's fine it's cool
man a man it's cool oh
lasers it's fine it's fine acceptable
amount of people are dead a little bit
of lasers never hurt nobody uh they hurt
a lot of people lasers build character
they build death lasers keep kids off
the streets and off drugs because
they're dad
whatever just go whatever happens
happens how the how the heck supposed to
be patience me hey why didn't the dead
bodies blow the other ones up why
they're just stuck on the min oh oh you
need a heartbeat to blow up shut up game
Stupid Bird stupid birds birds made this
game that's why there's so many bird
sounds in it stupid
birds oh I got him oh man we're so smart
go ahead ask me a question ask me any
question okay uh what is the capital of
France he jumped out the
window no no the PTA has not
disbanded all right I think I've proven
that I'm the smartest guy ever leave a
like if you enjoyed you're still pretty
stupid we'll see you next timee boy love
you a level cross out failed and put
succeeded super good job CW handsome blo
did you see recently uh the Saturday
Night Live 50 celebration Backstreet
Boys were doing their like Back Street
Boys Back Street Boys